Let's talk social media strategy. On one
hand, it's harder than it's ever been
because your small business is having to
compete with major corporations all
around the world. But on the other hand,
because of the way the algorithms have
changed, the playing field is more level
than it's ever been. So, while your
small business has more competition than
arguably it's ever had before, you also
have the opportunity to win bigger than
you ever have before. And according to a
new survey from Sprouto, 80% of people
plan to use social media as much, if not
more this year, than they did last year
for informing [music] their purchasing
decisions, deciding on what to buy, and
becoming customers. So, with all of that
being said, here are 15 post ideas that
you can use to generate more sales and
make more money on Instagram. Plus,
before we even get into the [music] 15
ideas, I have five tips for you to help
you make more sales, regardless of what
industry [music] you're in, the kinds of
product you sell, or whether or not you
use the ideas that I share with you in
today's episode. Now, on the date of
this episode's release, we are about 2
and 1/2 weeks away from Black Friday,
Cyber Monday, which of course is one of
the busiest times of the year for
shopping. So, if you haven't already
pre-planned or pre-made your post for
the upcoming sales cycle, definitely
feel free to use the ideas in today's
episode. But if you're watching this
after Black Friday, Cyber Monday, or
maybe you already have your posts made
for that period, and you're ready to get
your sales going for January 2026, heck,
June 2026, heck, February 2027, I don't
care. These posts are going to be
evergreen. They're not going to be time
bound. So, no matter when you're
watching today's episode, feel free to
use these ideas as creative ways to make
sales [music] on Instagram or whatever
social media you prefer. Now, I know you
want the ideas, and don't worry, we will
get to those in just a second. But even
more important than the ideas is the
actual strategies that you're going to
be using. Because without the right
strategies, these ideas, as good and
creative as they are, they're probably
not going to work as well. Tip/st
strategy number one for making more
sales on Instagram is to use DM
automation. Rather than relying on the
link in bio or the link on your
Instagram stories. The reason that this
is so effective is because typically
when you go to make a promotional post
on your Instagram, you will say the
phrase, "Click the link in my bio," or
some variation of it. And while
Instagram doesn't directly recognize
that phrase and then punish you for
saying it, Instagram will punish you as
a result of what happens after you say
it. And here's what I mean by that. When
you tell your followers, "Click the link
in my bio," they have two options.
Either they are uninterested, they don't
want to become a customer, and so
they're going to continue scrolling.
There's nothing we can really do about
them. But the other group of people, the
people who does want to become a
customer, they do want to purchase, you
have basically just told them to not
engage with the post. They're not going
to like, comment, save, share, or
anything because you didn't tell them
to. In fact, you explicitly told them to
do something else and to go somewhere
else. And so now, whether someone's
going to become a customer or not,
they're not going to be engaging with
your post. And when the algorithm sees
that not very many people are engaging
with your post, of course, it's not
going to be shown to very many people.
That is why your promotional salesy
advertisingesque posts often are your
worst performing posts. It's not because
Instagram has a vendetta against small
business owners. It's not because the
algorithm punishes you for saying link
in bio. It's simply because of the
strategy that you are using. So instead
of saying click the link in my bio, I
recommend using DM automation, which is
that thing where someone can comment a
specific keyword that you tell them to
comment and then they instantly get the
link delivered to their inbox. I did an
entire episode about DM automation, how
to set it up, all the benefits of using
it a few weeks ago. So if you want to go
back and check that out, I highly
recommend it. But that not only works on
your feed post, that also works on your
Instagram stories. In fact, using DM
automation on your Instagram stories, is
a part of my STD strategy, which is my
strategy to get the maximum possible
views on your Instagram stories. Again,
I've done an entire episode on that, but
the TLDDR version is basically you want
to post a single Instagram story with a
lot of text. That's what the T stands
for, and the D stands for DM automation.
Basically, instead of putting a link at
the bottom of your story and telling
people, "Click the link to get 20% off,"
you tell them, "Reply with the word sale
to get 20% off, and then you're getting
a bunch of direct messages coming in.
People are getting the link and the
discount code that they wanted. And
because of all of that interaction, your
stories are going to reach more people."
I can all but guarantee if you use
literally the exact same sales and
promotional post that you did from 2024
in 2025, but you just swap out the
phrase click the link in my bio with a
DM automation CTA, you will make more
sales. Strategy number two is to focus
on benefits rather than features. The
catchy way that I like to remember this
is that benefits sell and features tell.
Benefits are what ultimately will sell
your product. It's what will drive
people to become customers. While the
features just kind of tell us about your
product, they don't necessarily get us
to actually purchase. A famous example
of this is when Apple was selling their
first iPod. They could have said the
iPod has 16 GB of storage because that
is a fact. That is one of the features
of the original iPod. But the people who
work on the advertising team at Apple
are very smart. And so they knew that
people weren't going to buy based off
the features. They were going to buy
based off what the features could do for
them. And so instead of advertising 16
GB of storage, they said 1,000 songs in
your pocket. That was a clear benefit, a
clear outcome that would be achieved
because of the features. And that was
ultimately what they decided to go with
in their promotional and marketing
campaigns. And that's what drove sales.
And so as a brand or business owner, the
mistake that we often make is we're so
close to our product, we're so in love
with all of the features, and we know
all the specifications. We know all the
details about our product or offer. And
so we have a tendency to list off those
things which ultimately is just going to
bore your consumer and make them
uninterested in your product. So I
really want you to take a step back and
think about what are the big three wins,
what are the benefits, what are the
takeaways, what are the outcomes, the
desired dream outcomes that people can
achieve thanks to these features, thanks
to this product. And then whether you're
scripting your reel, you're writing your
captions, you're coming up with your
carousels, anytime you're crafting a
post during this promotional season,
focus on the benefits rather than the
features. Tip number three is don't be
scared to post about your product,
service, or offers. Don't be scared to
post about it a ton. The way the
algorithms work is that people will only
be shown the posts that they actually
want to see. So, if you post 10
promotional posts for your Black Friday
sale, very few people, I would venture
to bet less than 1% of your followers
are going to see all 10. They're likely
only going to be seeing the ones that
the algorithm thinks they would be
interested in andor the ones that are
just really performing well. Back in
September, we had one of our biggest
launches in the history of the Insta
Club hub. And during that launch cycle,
I posted over 25 times in a 10-day
window. Did most of those posts do well?
No. Some of them absolutely flopped.
Some of them only got a couple comments
or a couple views, but some of them did
really well. And just like I always say,
we are bad judges of our own content.
The stuff that you think is going to do
really well is the stuff that ends up
flopping. And the stuff that you don't
really think much of, you think it's
just kind of average, that's the stuff
that ends up doing the best. And so, if
you're a bad judge of your content,
you're also probably a bad judge of your
advertising content. You're not very
good at predicting which promotional
post is really going to hit home and
connect with people. And so don't be
scared to overpost. I would actually
argue that there is no such thing as
overposting as long as all of your posts
are highquality and engaging. One of my
favorite recent examples of this was
Justin Bieber in promotion of his Swag 2
album, his most recent album release. He
posted 97 times about the album in a
5day period. And yes, I say he because
he does a lot of his social media
himself. Some people were claiming that
he was having a psychotic break. And
listen, I ain't no psychologist, so I'm
not going to make any claims. But what I
can claim is from a marketing
perspective, 97 posts about your album
in a 5day period. That is great
marketing because realistically, most
people will not see all 97 posts. I made
a post documenting his 97 posts and I
had numerous people commenting saying,
"I follow Justin Bieber and I only saw
one or two." There was even a few people
who said, "I saw zero out of the 97."
Because that is how the algorithm works.
So bottom line, do not be scared to post
about your product, service, or offer.
If Justin Bieber has to post 97 times,
if I have to post 25 times, then why are
you handcuffing yourself to only posting
once or twice? Tip number four is that
clarity is greater than complexity. When
you're crafting these promotional posts,
I want you to focus on simplicity. Use
easy to understand language. A good
analogy that I've heard used is that
when you're doing marketing, you want
your posts, your promotions, your
captions, your reels, your content to
make sense to a drunk grandma. If a
drunk grandma couldn't understand your
post, then it's too complex. Ultimately,
people are going to be more willing to
spend more money with a lesser product
that is simple and easy to understand
than they are with a better product that
is really complex marketing. Ultimately,
when you confuse, you lose. So, with all
these promotional posts, with all these
ideas that I'm about to share with you,
make sure to focus on simplicity and
understandability because people are so
distracted nowadays. They're seeing
thousands of posts every single day,
especially during this season and period
of time. They're seeing so many
promotional posts. So, simplify your
content so that it's easier to
understand, easier to watch, and easier
to get people to convert into a
customer. And then my fifth and final
tip before we get into the actual ideas
is that if you have just one promotion
or sale taking place during Black
Friday, Cyber Monday, the holidays, New
Year, whatever, whenever you have just
one sale taking place, swap out your
link in bio so that it just has that one
link. I know this sounds relatively
simple, but oftent times I see business
owners making the mistake of having a
sale, but then when you click on the
link in their bio, it's a link tree or a
menu with 17 different links. I'm not
quite sure which one I'm supposed to
click on. I'm not sure which one is the
sale. And so if you have 20% off of our
ski boots, well then make the link in
your bio the ski boots. Don't make it a
menu that has ski boots and skis and ski
wear and ski goggles. Simplify,
simplify, simplify. Because again, like
I said a moment ago, when you confuse,
you lose. All right, that's enough of
the tips and strategies. Let's get into
the 15 ideas. Idea number one is dude
with a sign. Dude with a sign is a viral
Instagram account where he goes around
New York City usually and he holds up a
cardboard sign that has some sort of
public service announcement, hot take,
unpopular opinion, or just something
that needs to be shared. You can do
this, too. And it's a very engaging
style of content. Now, if you're so
bold, you could do this in a big city.
If you live near a big downtown area, go
to a local street where there's a lot of
people walking around, write whatever
your message is on a sign, and then have
someone stand across the street or set
up a tripod on the opposite side of the
road, zoom in, and take a picture of
yourself. If you don't, because you live
in the rural countryside, you can still
achieve this style of content by simply
writing your message on a piece of
cardboard and standing on the side of
the road. The cool thing about this idea
is that you could take a video of
yourself holding up the sign and post
that as a real or you could take a photo
of yourself and post it as a still
image. Or you could take multiple photos
of yourself holding up the sign and post
it as a carousel. So this one idea kind
of has three different versions baked
into it. Exactly what the sign says is
totally up to you, but again, focus on
simplicity. You could use the sign to
just announce the sale. Comment the word
discount for 20% off. Or you could have
the sign say some sort of public service
announcement unpopular opinion or hot
take that then people are going to read
the caption to hear your point of view
on and then maybe while reading your
point of view in the caption is where
you're going to make the sale and have
the call to action to comment the word
blank to get blank. Idea number two is
to spell out words using emojis. This is
also a very easy idea and you can use
the emojis to spell out whatever word or
phrase, hot take, unpopular opinion,
public service announcement you want it
to. Basically, all you have to do is add
text on the screen that says read the
first letter of each emoji and then you
use emojis to spell out words. Idea
number three is the fake news or even
the fake arrest post. These are two
different posts that I use during our
promotion cycle in September. The fake
news is especially good if you have a
smaller account because the likelihood
that the New York Times or CNN or ESPN
is going to be reporting on you and your
business and your sale is really, really
low. And so that makes it funnier. It
makes it more obvious that it is fake
news. Basically, just go into Canva and
create a fake screenshot of a tweet that
looks like it's from whatever news
channel you prefer, or you could use
multiple different news channels if you
so desire. and then have the news
basically be reporting on you or your
business or your sale. And then the fake
arrest style post is also a funny one.
You're basically making a play on how
frequently you're talking about your
business or your brand. I like to put
this one kind of towards the end of the
promotional cycle once I assume people
have seen at least a couple of my
promotions or ads because it's kind of
playing on the fact that hey, I know I'm
posting a lot about this sale right now
and so I'm making a joke about being
arrested for talking about it so much,
but then even in that news announcement
about being arrested, I'm still saying,
"Oh, and by the way, if you want to
purchase, here's how you can learn more
about the sale." So again, it's funny,
it's lighthearted, and of course, it's
just a way to grab people's attention in
a more fun and playful way than just a
generic basic sales graphic. Speaking of
bland, generic sales graphics, the truth
is those just don't work anymore. Making
some pretty flyer in Canva or making
some generic graphic design that says
Black Friday sale, 20% off, I mean, you
can do it, you might as well, but it's
probably not going to convert well. And
the reason for that is that people are
seeing thousands of posts per day. Some
high-end estimates even suggest that
some people are seeing upwards of 10,000
posts a day, which is mind-blowing. If
you spend, you know, x number of hours
per day and you see each post for 3
seconds, there are people who
realistically are seeing over 10,000
posts a day. And so if you want your
sale or your promotion to stand out, if
you want your small business to be able
to compete with Amazon and Teimu and all
these other major corporations out
there, you have to make your content
entertaining. You have to make it
captivating. You have to make it a
little bit controversial or funny. You
have to make it a little bit bold or out
there, unique, creative. If you want to
stand out, if you actually want to grab
people's attention and then convert that
view into a customer. And that's why I'm
sharing these tips and ideas with you
today because I want you to be able to
compete with these major corporations
because the superpower that you have
that they don't is you don't have to go
through 17 layers of checks and
approvals. You don't have to get the
lawyers to sign off. You don't have to
get the board of directors to approve
your ad. You can create your ad right on
your phone or right on Canva or right on
your computer in just a couple of
minutes and just press post. And so I
want to encourage you to do that. Idea
number four is the kick the quote trend.
Basically, there is one specific song
that a lot of people are using, but
really you could use any song that has a
beat drop or a sudden kick of bass. And
all you have to do is take a few steps
forward, look down at a very shrunken
down tiny small piece of text on the
screen, kick that piece of text or punch
it or hit it with a golf club or
whatever right as the beat is hitting
and then use key frames to enlarge the
text very quickly and it will make it
look like the text is being hit at the
screen. It's again a great way to grab
attention and you can use the text to
deliver whatever message, public service
announcement, hottake or sales promotion
that you want.
Idea number five is the going for a hike
and looking for a sign trend. Basically,
get yourself dressed up as if you are
going for a hike and then go out in the
woods or on an actual hike or on a
mountain. Basically, just go anywhere
that isn't in your home. Even if you
were just on the sidewalk, you could do
this trend. Take a video of yourself
walking on 0.5 so that it's kind of wide
angle and add some text on the screen
that says, "I was getting overwhelmed or
I was getting stressed out or I was
getting sad about." And then insert
something in your niche. So, Instagram
was stressing me out. Baking was
overwhelming me. Planning for the
holidays was stressing me out. whatever
that is, whatever relates to your niche.
Add that text to the screen. And then
finish the text by saying, "And I went
for a walk looking for a sign." "And I
went for a hike looking for a sign. I
went for a stroll looking for a sign."
Basically, the point of the hook is to
say that this niche related thing was
annoying me, frustrating me, whatever.
It's relatable. And then you finish by
saying, "I was looking for a sign." Then
the funny part, the plot twist is you
add a second clip with your own point of
view filmed from up here, kind of
looking down at your feet, walking, and
you're going to walk upon a sign that
you have obviously placed there. So, for
my example, I said that I was going for
a hike, looking for a sign, and then I
used some twigs and rocks on the ground
to spell out the call to action that I
wanted people to do. You could use
chalk, you could use water. Or heck, you
could use like a crumpled up piece of
trash that then when you open it, it has
the fake sign written on the trash.
Whatever you want to do. Basically,
you're just connecting with people in a
relatable way in your hook. And then
you're kind of plot twisting them,
playing on their emotions or their
expectations by having the actual sign
be something that's related to your
business or the sale. Idea number six is
the timeless memes. Memes are always
going to be funny. Memes are always
going to exist. There's always going to
be a dozen new memes that are in
rotation and that are popular and that
are going viral at any given moment. If
you want, every single week for free, we
send out an email to our email list that
has five meme ideas and five trending
audio ideas. But if you want the link to
sign up for that, just click on the
link. Uh I'll put it down in the show
notes below this episode so you can get
that email. We send it out every single
Tuesday with new updated meme ideas. One
popular one that I've seen going around
right now is the top half of the screen
shows like a building that's on fire and
it's captioned with something like the
world burning down or the world going
into chaos or whatever. The world is on
fire and then the lower half is Will
Frell yelling and you label that as
yourself and you'll say me talking about
our Black Friday sale or me telling
people that they can get 20% off my yoga
mats or me telling people that it's buy
1 get one free for ski boots. whatever
you just use it to again play on
people's expectations and you know
connect and relate and say yeah I know
everything's chaotic right now I know
the world is on fire but I'm still a
small business who needs to make sales
Idea number seven is the hidden object
carousel and this is one of the ideas
that I gave in my recent eight carousel
ideas video which if you haven't checked
that out definitely go back and watch
that because there are some creative fun
trending carousel ideas that I gave and
gave you full tutorials on how to make
them but essentially this one is all
about hiding an object or a word within
the carousel so that when people look at
the first screen, they don't really see
it, but then as they scroll through and
swipe through the carousel, the word
kind of emerges or the object kind of
reveals itself in the carousel. And you
can tell people to comment the word that
they see or comment the object that they
see. And then when they comment that
object or that word, you can set it up
so they automatically receive a direct
message with your sale, with your
promotion. You could even be even more
explicit by saying, "If you can find the
hidden word in this carousel, I will
send you 20% off whatever it is that
you're selling." So, it creates a little
gamification. It gets people involved.
It gets them spending time with your
post, interacting, commenting. And
again, if you want a full tutorial on
how to make that, check out the episode
that I did a few weeks ago with the
carousel ideas. Idea number eight is the
tearing paper magic trick. This one
looks really cool, but it's really just
a simple camera trick that is very easy
to do. All you have to do is write your
message on a piece of paper. Again, just
like so many of our examples today, it
could be a call to action relating to
your sale, could be a hot take, an
unpopular opinion, whatever that may be.
Write it on a piece of paper and then
film yourself ripping up the paper into
a bunch of little bits. Then all you
have to do is in editing, put the video
in reverse. And then when you watch the
video in reverse, it will look like
you're magically putting the pages back
together even though they've been ripped
up. And then at the end, you're showing
the actual message, the payoff, whatever
it is that you want people to see.
Number nine is the storebought pesto
stitch. This is one of the most famously
stitched videos in the history of social
media. Basically, there's this video of
a girl who's saying,
>> "Call me crazy if you want, but I've
never liked storebought pesto."
>> And the joke is that that's not that
crazy. Like, come on, there's more crazy
things out there in the world. And it's
really just a meme that's become a joke.
Like, it's not that silly of a hook for
her to say, you know? It's a fine video,
but it's become a meme. And so, all you
do is you take that original video,
which I will link in the show notes
below, and you stitch it right after she
says the hook.
>> Call me crazy if you want, but I've
never like storebought pesto.
>> That's crazy. I once was dating a girl
and she calls me and she says, "Hey,
I've been drinking. Can you come pick me
up?" And it's late at night and she's
out in the city and I'm like, "Sure."
So, I drive out there and I pick her up
and we're driving back and I'm like,
"Where have you been all day? I haven't
heard from you. And she was like, "Oh, I
was just hanging out with some friends.
>> Call me crazy if you want, but I've
never liked storebought pesto."
>> Susie, girl, you need to calm down cuz
otherwise they're going to commit you.
That story is wild. It kind of reminds
me of the time I went to see Dawn French
in the West End. She was starring in
this play, one woman play called My
Brilliant Divorce, and it was fantastic.
And my friend who I went with, we loved
it so much we went again the next month.
and we were flying out to Florida the
next day. And so as a treat, we went to
the Ivy before going to the theater.
>> You can kind of respond to her and say,
you know, I don't think you're crazy or
I'm not going to call you crazy or
that's not crazy. You want to hear what
really is crazy. And then you could go
into your own talking head reel
explaining what is crazy. Maybe what's
crazy is the discount that you have for
Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Maybe what's
crazy is that people haven't become
customers yet. Maybe what's crazy is
insert whatever hot take or unpopular
opinion or tip or strategy that you want
to share. Basically, you are taking this
memeified hook and then you are hook
swapping or transitioning into your own
content. Before we move on to number 10,
quick little secret. All nine of the
examples that I've shared with you so
far are examples that I have done. But
these next six, number 10 through number
15, are ideas that I have for myself and
ideas that I plan on using for my own
Black Friday Cyber Monday promotion. And
so you can absolutely steal these ideas.
You can absolutely use them before I use
them. But if you do see me post one of
these ideas on my Instagram in the next
few weeks, just know it'll be like a
little inside joke between you and I
that you knew I was going to make this
post before I even made it. Idea number
10 is a parody of the classic perfume
ad. If you have never had the privilege
of seeing one of these cheesy perfume
ads on TV, uh well then you're lucky
because these perfume ads are so cringe.
are so funny and they have some
stereotypical tropes about them. They
include black and white footage, very
dramatic slow-mo visuals, and super
over-the-top cheese pot cliche level
acting as well as voiceovers.
For those [music] who dream of home
ownership,
for those waiting for the market to
crash,
take a chance. [music] Come see my new
listing and own a piece of Scottsdale.
Buy a new home because [music] regret
isn't just a five-letter word because
your happiness deserves a second chance.
Buy a new home. You can't buy love, but
you can [music] buy real estate. G
by Michael Delina. So, basically, all
you have to do is take these tropes,
take these stereotypes that you see over
and over again in the perfume ads, and
use them to make an ad for your own
product. I've seen people do this for
physical products. I've seen real estate
agents do this for homes that they're
selling. And it's just a really fun,
creative way to take something that so
many people are familiar with and put a
funny spin on it. Idea number 11 is
specifically for those of you with
physical products, although I guess you
could get creative and do it for a
digital product as well, but it's really
going to be most applicable for those of
you who have a physical tangible item
that you're going to sell. And idea
number 11 is the 3D phone. All you have
to do is take a video of your phone
where your phone has nothing but a green
solid green background on it. Then you
take another video of yourself with the
product and you push it forward. You
push it towards the camera or you move
it towards the screen. After that, all
you have to do is bring both video files
into whatever editing app you prefer. I
prefer Cap Cut. So then all you have to
do is take the video of the phone with
the green background. Remove the actual
green screen from your phone screen.
Take the video of yourself with the
product and put it behind the image of
your phone. And then right at the moment
where the object would be theoretically
passing through the phone screen, just
cut your video and add a second video of
you pushing the object through on top of
it. This one might be a little bit more
challenging for those of us who are more
beginner in terms of our editing. So,
maybe this is one that you skip over or
maybe this is one that you practice and
use to refine your editing skills. And
I'm just now realizing that I lied to
you because number 12 is one that I have
done. It wasn't one that I used for my
September launch promotion, but it was
something that I used to promote
something else. So, I lied. I have used
this one already, but it's one of my
favorites and it's one that you should
absolutely use yourself. And it does
require a second person. It requires a
loved one, a family member, a spouse, a
partner, whatever. And basically, you're
going to have the second person. You're
going to have your partner start on the
screen and you're going to be kind of
standing behind them. And at the
beginning, your partner is going to be
very aggressive, very in your face or in
the camera's face, I guess I should say.
And they're going to say something along
the lines of, "My wife wants to tell you
about her Black Friday sales, so you
better listen." "My husband wants to
tell you about his homemade pie, so you
better listen." "My blank wants to tell
you about blank, so you better listen."
My husband has something very important
to show you, so you better listen. Go
ahead.
>> Okay. So, this year I'm speaking at the
biggest event for creators in the world.
Uh, it's the Instagram summit presented
by Many Chat.
>> My husband want to tell y'all about his
new listing and y'all better like it.
Come on back.
>> Um, beautiful four bedroomedroom 3 and 1
halfb home. office space right off of
the
>> Again, it's four bedrooms. Uh there's an
on suite office space right off of the
master uh bedroom.
>> They're basically your aggressive
spokesperson telling the viewers that
they better listen up and then you kind
of come out from behind them and you
kind of play the role of someone who's a
little bit more meek, a little bit more
shy, a little bit more timid and you
tell the viewers about your product,
your service, your offer, your sale,
whatever it is. And during that, they're
still standing behind you kind of making
a, you know, oh, you better listen, I'm
watching you. That sort of thing. Idea
number 13 is another great one for those
of us with physical products, but of
course, it could be used if you don't
have a physical product. Basically,
you're going to start the camera with
someone offscreen, but their hand on
screen making half of a heart sign, and
the text on screen says, "I can't wait
to find love." But then a hand comes in
from the other side and instead of
connecting and making a heart, it turns
the first hands. So it's now making like
a grip hand motion and then it brings
them in the physical product. And when
the hand is being turned, the text on
the screen changes from I can't wait to
find love to I can't wait to find and
then love is crossed out and the rest of
the sentence is whatever the physical
product is. Second to last idea number
14 is the tape measurer trend. This one
is very easy. Basically, just set your
phone up on the ground or on a really
low tripod, set a tape measure up right
in front of it, and then make the tape
measure super super long, and at the end
of the tape measure, write on a sticky
note some sort of message. Again, so
many of today's ideas allow you to have
flexibility. Whether you want that
message to be just a straight up call to
action, whether you want it to be a hot
take, whether you want it to be a tip,
whether you want to say read the
caption, whatever, just write a short
message on that sticky note and then
walk into the frame kind of down by the
sticky note down at the far end, far
away from the camera, out of focus. Walk
towards the camera and flip the switch
on the tape measure so the tape measure
very quickly recoils and, you know,
pulls it in and basically it will pull
the message into focus. it will pull the
sticky note closer to the screen so that
people can then read what the sticky
note says. And my 15th and final idea
before I share it with you, I'm going to
ask you to subscribe because I suck at
doing that. I seriously always forget.
And now we're all the way at the end of
today's episode and I haven't asked you.
So, if you've made it this far, my guess
is that you enjoy Instagram tips,
Instagram ideas, social media marketing
strategies. And so make sure to
subscribe to this podcast, Build Your
Tribe, because every single week I put
out some sort of episode about new
Instagram features, social media trends,
and marketing ideas. But with that being
said, our last and final idea is what I
like to call the juxtaposed mouth trend.
Basically, you want to start by taking a
video of someone else really close up so
that the camera is just taking the video
of their mouth and they are maybe giving
a sales pitch. they're talking about
your upcoming promotion, whatever it may
be, and then go to different people,
other friends, family, colleagues,
co-workers, whatever, and put the video
in front of their mouth so that it's
lined up as if it was their mouth, but
in reality, it's very obviously someone
else's mouth. You want to encourage the
person in the background to be making
silly faces, different eyebrows,
different eye expressions, and it's just
a fun, creative, interactive way to get
a message across in a way that people
will actually listen. Speaking of
actually listening, I want to thank you
for actually listening to today's entire
episode. Don't forget to hit that
subscribe button. If you do test out any
of these 15 ideas, tag me in them. Send
them to me on Instagram via direct
message and I would love to hype you up
and just take a look. And if nothing
else, as always, happy networking.